Now, generate a testbench to validate the found vulnerabilities. Utilize the CWE design guides below to also test validity of the module.

CWE-226 - Sensitive Information in Resource Not Removed Before Reuse
1.	Zero-fill or overwrite all memory, registers, and storage before releasing / reassigning resources, and on reset.
2.	During critical state transitions, information not needed in the next state should be removed or overwritten with fixed patterns (such as 0’s), before the transition to the next state
3.	Validate scrubbing is complete before reusing resources
4.	Overwrite cryptographic keys immediately after use.

CWE-1189 - Improper Isolation of Shared Resources on System-on-a-Chip (SoC)
1.	Enforce hardware access control at every shared resource
2.	When sharing resources, avoid mixing agents of varying trust levels. Untrusted agents should not share resources with trusted agents.
3.	Shared resources are flushed / scrubbed on domain context switch

CWE-1191 – On-Chip Debug and Test Interface With Improper Access Control
1.	Disable or permanently fuse-off debug interfaces (e.g. JTAG) in production silicon if possible, or implement authentication and authorization for the debug interfaces
2.	Debug mode cannot override lock bits, fuses, or MPU rules
3.	Limit debug visibility to non-sensitive registers. Important registers must never be exposed via debug paths. Security-sensitive data stored in registers should be cleared when entering debug mode

CWE-1234 - Hardware Internal or Debug Modes Allow Override of Locks
1.	Security lock bit protections should be reviewed for any bypass/override modes supported
2.	Design lock registers as a one-time programmable fuse
3.	Never allow a debug authentication to bypass lock evaluations
4.	Ensure that no combination of debug inputs can override lock state

CWE-1247 - Improper Protection Against Voltage and Clock Glitches
1.	Utilize an input from a glitch detector that overrides all operations to force a safe state (Error).
2.	Use multi-bit encodings instead of a single bit, as a glitch is highly unlikely to perfectly flip bits into exact configurations.
3.	Use defensive default states: If a glitch forces state machine registers into an undefined state, the system should default to an error state rather than failing open

CWE-1256 - Improper Restriction of Software Interfaces to Hardware Features
1.	Map security-sensitive hardware features to privilege-gated registers. Unprivileged software must receive a fault on access
2.	If needed, apply whitelisting only; Allow access to certain software instead of denying access to others
3.	Block unauthorized software from enabling security-sensitive features
4.	Ensure proper access control mechanisms protect software-controllable features altering physical operating conditions such as clock frequency and voltage

CWE-1260 Improper Handling of Overlap Between Protected Memory Ranges
1.	Ensure that memory regions are isolated as intended and that access control (read/write) policies are used by hardware to protect privileged software
2.	Detect overlapping addresses at the beginning and end of address space
3.	Default response for conflict is deny

CWE-1262 - Improper Access Control for Register Interface
1.	Assign explicit read/write permissions per privilege level for every register
2.	Default all security-sensitive registers to deny access
3.	Separate readable and writable permissions

CWE-1300 - Improper Protection of Physical Side Channels
1.	Implement constant-time algorithms for all cryptographic operations
2.	All key-dependent logic uses mux (not if/case) for selection
3.	Apply blinding or masking techniques to implementations of cryptographic algorithms


Now, based off of the found vulnerabilities and the failed tests, fix the module. If necessary, generate a new testbench file to test the new module under the same tests in the previous testbench.